# Asg1
My website is a website that sells dogs. </br>
For the navigation bar we have the company name and logo, the homepage which is index.html, the available dogs page which is availabledogs.html, the contact us page which is contactus.html and the about us page which is aboutus.html. </br>
For my home page, I have a video at the top which shows many different dogs. I also have the description of why people should choose either small/medium breeds or the larger breeds of dogs. </br>
For the available dogs page, I have a slideshow of 3 different types of dogs that are available which the user can click to view the rest of the photos. Below the slideshow are the different dogs available. There are 9 different dogs there. I put the overlay of the text so that when you hover over the image, you can see the different dog breeds and whether its a larger or smaller/medium dog breed. It also tells you the number of puppies and adult dogs available, the genders available and how old the puppies and adult dogs are. </br>
For the contact us page, there is a map of where the store is located and users can click the map or the directions word to get the directions on how to go to the place through google maps and if they do not wish to use google maps there is also the address there and directions if they are taking public transport. There is also a form section for the users to fill in their name, email and contact number so that the company can get back to them regarding any enquires they have. </br>
The last page is the about us page which shows the user information about our company, the reason why they should choose to buy dogs from our company and the past reviews we've had from our customers. </br>
</br>
For the index.html page which is my home page, in the head of that page, I included a style tag so that the font of the text below would be changed. There is also my navigation bar which makes it easy for users to access the different pages and let the home page be active one as that is the main page for my index.html. In the body, I also included a video and made it autoplay. I also made text below that video to explain why some people would prefer small/medium dog breeds over large dog breeds and vice versa. </br>
For the available dogs page, I used javascript to make a slideshow, and imported fonts from google fonts like the previous page and changed the colour of the font to light pink to make it look more attractive when the user hovers over the images of the dogs they are interested in, they can see the breed of dog, the availability, the genders, the number of puppies and adults we have and how old they are. For the body on this page, we have the navigation bar again with the active page being the available dogs page since this is the main page. The slideshow has 3 different pictures of dogs that are available. The user can click on the arrows or the dots for the slideshow to see any particular photo they wish to see. The grid below shows 9 different dog breeds that are available on our website, ranging from small dog breeds to large dog breeds. </br>
For the contact us page, I decided to leave the fonts as they are since having too many different fonts can be distracting for the user. For the body on this page, I made sure that the active page was the contact us one.  I inserted a Google map location which would allow the user to have easy access to the Google maps if they wished to. They can click on it to see the location and directions. However if they do not wish to, they can see the address next to the map as well as the different bus services and MRT stops that are close to FluffyPaws. Below that, we have the rn quirky form where users can submit their name, email and contact number so that the workers at FluffyPaws are able to easily contact them and get back to them regarding their query. </br>
For the about us page, I made sure to change the active page to the aboutus.html page. I included information about our company with a picture of both big and small dog breeds. Below that, I put a "Why us?" kind of box where people can read why they should choose to purchase dogs from us. I also included 5 past reviews from customers and had a different coloured font here to make sure it catches the users attention.

